Process for creating a 30-60-90 day plan (#20906)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/leadership.md

3. **Remove open position:** Ensure the hiring manager removes the newly-filled position from the fleetdm.com website by [making a pull request](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#making-a-pull-request) to delete it from the [open-positions.yml](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/handbook/company/open-positions.yml) file.
4. **Create 30-60-90 day plan:** Ensure the hiring manager creates a 30-60-90 day plan outlining key role objectives. The plan is reviewed weekly in 1:1 meetings during the first three months of employment, ensuring continuous support and alignment with company goals. To create the 30-60-90 day plan, hiring manager will:
    - Create a copy of the [30-60-90 day plan template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EztmPBuMFXbVoy4ZToXcxasNO38ooOh8Gh5hPXFvJhI/copy) and rename the copied file using the naming convention `[start date] - 30-60-90 day plan - [teammate full name]` and move it to the [30-60-90 day plan folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QWiAbgBFuuofT_3M8oIoBsbEBmubQAj7) in Google Drive.
    - Follow the prompts in the template to fill out the 30-60-90 day plan for the new teammate before they start.

> 5. **Close Slack channel:** Then archive and close the channel.

Reviewer: Is this the hiring manger or BizOps? I know this pre-dates this change but I think we should be explicit here. From what I've seen it's been BizOps (and I think that's what we're saying here) but it could just as easily be the hiring manager. thoughts @ireedy and @JoStableford?

I can also get Mike's feedback when he's back in office.

Reviewer 2: This is the hiring manager. BizOps does not have the context of what success in the individual roles look like. BizOps is [creating the structure and ensuring compliance](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues/7410) with the process that [every new starter has a 30-60-90 day plan](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hso0LxqwrRVINCyW_n436bNHmoqhoLhC8bcbvLPOs9A/edit?gid=1846478041#gid=1846478041&range=B380).

Reviewer: Oh sorry, I meant just this bit: `5. **Close Slack channel:** Then archive and close the channel.`

~I didn't want to add yet another step on the BizOps plate related to hiring if it didn't belong, but also going off of what I've seen in practice.~ I also just refreshed myself with this piece:

`Once the new team member replies and accepts their offer in writing, 🔦 Head of Business Operations follows these steps:`

It's covered! Sorry for the wild goose chase. 🪿🏃‍♂️   LGTM!!!

Now what happens?  🔦 Business Operations will then follow the steps in the "Hiring" issue, which includes reaching out to the new team member within 1 business day from a separate email thread to get additional information as needed, prepare their agreement, add them to the company's payroll system, and get their new laptop and hardware security keys ordered so that everything is ready for them to start on their first day.

## Creating 30-60-90 day plans 

> Before a new hire starts at Fleet, managers create a 30-60-90 day plan outlining key role objectives. These plans are reviewed weekly in 1:1 meetings during the first three months of employment, ensuring continuous support and alignment with company goals. 

Reviewer: Let's pull this into the hiring steps than a separate section, that way we can ensure it happens.

Author: @Sampfluger88 we've updated the hiring/onboarding issue templates in this linked (confidential) PR to ensure this happens: https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/pull/7503. 

I've pulled it up into the hiring section, but haven't added it to existing steps. Imo it doesn't fit into the steps prior to an offer being made and the hiring steps taken after an offer is made currently outline the responsibilities of biz ops. The formulation of a 30-60-90 would be undertaken by the manager. Felt like this was the minimum viable change given the current structure of the page and process. Wdyt?

Reviewer: Let's try it as the new "4.". Archiving the Slack channel becoming "5." Changing it to match the others. 
e.g. `** Create a 30-60-90 day plan**:`

Happy to have a quick call re what I'm thinking also.

Reviewer 2: Updated, will request new review.

To create a 30-60-90 day plan for a new teammate: 

> 1. **Create a copy of the template:** Navigate to the [templates folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1J1Za1DcumsezNKTq_fhyOAc_C2UV3pl4) and create a copy of the 30-60-90 days template. Rename the copied file using the naming convention `[start date] - 30-60-90 day plan - [teammate full name]` and move it to the [30-60-90 day plan folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QWiAbgBFuuofT_3M8oIoBsbEBmubQAj7) in Google Drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a copy of the [30-60-90 day plan template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EztmPBuMFXbVoy4ZToXcxasNO38ooOh8Gh5hPXFvJhI/copy) and rename the copied file using the naming convention `[start date] - 30-60-90 day plan - [teammate full name]` and move it to the [30-60-90 day plan folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QWiAbgBFuuofT_3M8oIoBsbEBmubQAj7) in Google Drive.
```

> 1. **Create a copy of the template:** Navigate to the [templates folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1J1Za1DcumsezNKTq_fhyOAc_C2UV3pl4) and create a copy of the 30-60-90 days template. Rename the copied file using the naming convention `[start date] - 30-60-90 day plan - [teammate full name]` and move it to the [30-60-90 day plan folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QWiAbgBFuuofT_3M8oIoBsbEBmubQAj7) in Google Drive.

Reviewer: - Easier to link to the doc instead of having them perform an extra click. 
- Putting `/copy` at the end of a Google Doc URL will make it much less likely that someone will skip the "Copy" part and mess up the template. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e5883c9-2aa5-4445-987d-d413edf47c5f)
